Team _____________________________                 ____ / 100
 
Round 1 - Film Dingbats                                                       __ / 15

Round 2 - Puppets                                                                 __ / 15










Round 3 - Olympics                                                               __ / 15
When did Paris last host the Summer Olympics?  1924
Paris has now hosted the Summer Olympics three times, which other city is the only other to have done that?  London, 1908, 1948 and 2012.
Which city’s Olympic Stadium was known as the Bird’s Nest?  Beijing
Which Canadian sprinter was famously stripped of his 100m gold medal at the 1988 Seoul Olympics?  Ben Johnson
Dick Fosbury revolutionized the technique of what Olympic event at the 1968 Games?  High Jump
Where will the 2028 Olympic Games be hosted? Los Angeles
Cool Runnings is a film about which country’s bobsleigh entry at the 1998 Winter Olympics?  Jamaica
Which American won 28 Olympic medals during his career?  Michael Phelps
What is the final event of a men’s decathlon?  1500m
Who was the only female competitor in the 1976 Montreal Olympics not to have been subjected to a sex test?  Princess Anne
How many rounds are there in an Olympic boxing match? Three
In the years after the London 2012 Olympics, over 100 what were painted gold?  Postboxes
In which city did Torvill and Dean win their Ice Dancing gold medal?  Sarajevo
Which Olympic sport is played with stones and brooms?  Curling
Which Olympic field event consists of a crouch, shift, thrust, and release?  Shot put


Round 4 - Geography                                                           __ / 15

Which is bigger, the Isle of Man or the Isle of Wight?  Isle of Man
What is the currency in Czechia?  Czech Koruna, or Czech crowns
What is the only city in Cornwall?  Truro
What do the seven spikes on the State of Liberty represent?  The seven oceans and seven continents
In which country would you go on holiday to in Bodrum?  Turkey
What is the most populous city in Florida?  Jacksonville
If you were at 0 latitude and 0 longitude, which ocean would you be in?  South Atlantic Ocean or Gulf of Guinea
In which English county would you find Chatsworth House?  Derbyshire
In which country was Waterloo fought?  Belgium
Which country has the most countries bordering it?  China, 14
What is built on the former seat of The Earls of Shrewsbury in Staffordshire?  Alton Towers
In which city is Marco Polo airport?  Venice
Which flowering plant was cultivated and developed in the small market town of Wem by Henry Eckford in the 1880s?  Sweet Peas
Which is the UK’s least populus city?  St. Davids, Wales, population of about 1,750.
Where are Jaguar Land Rover’s headquarters?  Coventry


Round 5 - Music                                                                    __ / 15
Who kissed a girl and liked it?  Katy Perry
Who wrote the music to the ballet The Nutcracker?  Tchaikovsky
Who asked “Don’t cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?”  The Pussycat Dolls
Freddie Mercury, Brain May and Roger Taylor are three of the four members of Queen.  Who is the other?  John Deacon
How many verses does Happy Birthday have?  1
What is the biggest selling song that has never reached Number 1 in the UK?  Mr Brightside, The Killers
Which song do these lyrics come from?  You gotta swing your hips now, come on baby, jump up, jump back  Locomotion, Kylie Minogue
Which Beatle spent nine days in a Tokyo prison in January 1980?  Paul McCartney
"Stop making the eyes at me, I'll stop making the eyes at you," is the 2006 hit track from which Sheffield band?  Arctic Monkeys
What is the name of the land where ‘Puff the Magic Dragon’ lived?  Honalee
Which was the last album The Beatles recorded before they split up?  Abbey Road
‘Holding Back The Years’, ‘Money’s Too Tight To Mention’ and ‘If You Don’t Know Me By Now’ were 80s songs by which band?  Simply Red
K-pop is a genre which refers to pop music from which country?  Korea
The Darkness believed in a little thing called… what?  Love
Finish this Lionel Richie lyric: "That's why I'm easy, easy like …”  Sunday Morning




Round 6 - General Knowledge                                            __ / 25

Which planet has a moon called Europa?  Jupiter
There are OBEs, MBEs and CBEs - what does the C stand for?  Commander.
Which is larger, the 18 yard box in football or an entire basketball court?  Football
Where does Fireman Sam live?  Pontypandy
In which country was John McEnroe born?  West Germany
Which company developed the Grand Theft Auto series? Rockstar North
When it was finished in 1311, Lincoln cathedral held the record for what?  Tallest building in the world
What does the F in PDF mean?  Format
In Cool Hand Luke, Paul Newman ate how many eggs?  50
Bechamel sauce is usually seasoned with which spice?  Nutmeg
Stan Laurel from Laurel and Hardy was English.  Which county was he born in?  Cumbria
Gillian Anderson plays a therapist in which hit Netflix show?  Sex Education
Which colour pill does Neo swallow in The Matrix?  Red
What number is found in reference to their varieties on Heinz products?  57
What was Sheldon Cooper's one-word catchphrase in The Big Bang Theory?  Bazinga
How many keys are there on a piano? 88
What Top Gun character is Captain Marvel's cat named after?  Goose
Who discovered penicillin?  Alexander Fleming
How many fingers do Simpsons characters have?  4
In which century did Rembrandt live?  17th
What colour are the seats in the House of Commons?  Green
What happened on July 20th, 1969?  Apollo 11 landed on the moon
What do the letters ‘M’ and ‘I’ stand for in MI5?  Military intelligence
In the nursery rhyme, what was old Mother Hubbard looking for in her cupboard?  A bone
Over what ocean did Amelia Earhart disappear?  Pacific