Team _____________________________                   ____ / 75

Round 1 - Guess the Language                                            __ / 15
All of these phrases mean “I Love You”, but in which language?  The languages are :

Afrikaans    Chinese    Dutch    French    Greek    Japanese    Korean    Persian    Polish    Portuguese    Tamil    Thai    Turkish    Yiddish    Urdu 


Round 2 - Fictional Places                                                    __ / 10

I’ll read out some fictional places, which movies are they from?  Circle your answers!

Cloud City? a)  The Empire Strikes Back   b)  Demolition Man   c)  Superman   d)  The Avengers
Basin City? a)  Total Recall  b)  Who Framed Roger Rabbit   c)  Return of the Jedi   d)  Sin City
Springwood, Ohio? a)  Resident Evil   b)  A Nightmare on Elm Street   c)  The Lost Boys   d)  Halloween
Smallville? a)  The Simpsons Movie   b)  The Wizard of Oz   c)  Superman   d)  Batman
Bedford Falls? a)  The Lost Boys   b)  The Goonies   c)  It’s a Wonderful Life   d)  Stand By Me
Bedrock? a)  The Flintstones   b)  Resident Evil   c)  Green Lantern   d)  How the Grinch Stole Christmas
Mega-City One? a)  Sin City   b)  Judge Dredd   c)  The Phantom Menance   d)  Blade Runner 2049
Emerald City? a)  The Incredibles   b)  The Minions   c)  The Chronicles of Narnia   d)  The Wizard of Oz
Minas Tirith? a)  The Lord of The Rings: Return of the King   b)  Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   c)  The Golden Compass   d)  Star Wars: A New Hope
Hill Valley? a)  Cars   b)  The Incredibles   c)  Chitty Chitty Bang Bang   d)  Back to the Future


Round 3 - Lonely Letters                                                       __ / 10

All the answers are single letters.

Letter representing a major unit of temperature which has 32 and 212 as the freezing and boiling point of water.  F
Letter representing the mathematical constant approximately equal to 2.718.  Sometimes called Euler’s number.  E
Letter that replaced Malcolm Little's original surname. He was was a prominent and revolutionary figure during the US civil rights movement until his assassination in 1965.  X
The only letter in the NATO phonetic alphabet which begins and ends with the same letter.  A
Roman numeral equivalent of the number 500.  D
First initial of the American novelist who wrote The Great Gatsby.  F (Scott Fitzgerald)
Will Smith's character name in the original Men in Black film trilogy.  J
Letter represented by three dashes in the Morse alphabet.  O
Middle initial of fictional Star Trek captain James Kirk.  T
Letter that is displayed at the left side of a compass.  W





Round 4 - Mum’s the Word                                                   __ / 10 

All of these songs or artists have something to do with Mums, it might be the song title, the artist or the lyrics. 

Half a point for the artist, half a point for the song title.

(30s)  Mamma Mia, ABBA  
(24s)  Mama Told Me Not To Come, Tom Jones and Stereophonics
(42s)  California Dreamin’, The Mamas and Papas
(45s)  I Will Wait, Mumford and Songs
(18s)  Let It Be, The Beatles
(47s)  Pink Pony Club, Chappell Roan
(25s)  Mother’s Little Helper, The Rolling Stones
(23s)  Girls Just Wanna Have Fun, Cyndi Lauper
(From 30s to 60s)  Lose Yourself, Eminem
(40s)  Mama, Spice Girls


Round 5 - Famous Headlines                                               __ / 10

I’m going to read out some famous newspaper headlines, and the decade they were published.  Which events are they reporting?

Half a point for the event, half for getting the year spot on.

“The Historic Footsteps” in the 60s.  Apollo 11 Moon landing, in 1969
“War on America” in the noughties.   September 11th attacks on the US, in 2001
“They loved him, yeah, yeah, yeah”, in the 80s.  John Lennon shot, in 1980
“Give the Girl a Chance”, in the 70s.  Election of Margaret Thatcher, in 1979
“Massacre of Olympic City”, in the 70s.  Munich Olympics terrorist attack/massacre, 12 victims killed by the terrorists, in 1972
“King of Pop is dead at 50”, in the noughties.  Michael Jackson dies, in 2000
“We mourn 7 heroes”, in the 80s.  Challenger space shuttle disaster, in 1986
“Zip me up before you go-go”, in the 90s.  George Michael getting arrested in a public toilet doing something he shouldn’t have been doing, in 1998
“And here she is, the lovely Louise”, in the 70s.  First IVF Baby, Louis Brown, in 1978
“Suicide Bomber on the No. 30”, in the noughties.  7/7 London Bombings, in 2005Round 6 - General Knowledge                                             __ / 20

Globally, what is the most common eye colour?  Brown
The Munich air disaster, which killed several of Manchester United’s Busby’s Babes, occurred in which year?  1958
What country is the only one with a musical instrument as its national emblem?  Ireland, the Harp
What is a baby koala bear called?  Joey
Which Scottish town was the location for the deadliest mass shooting in British history when in March 1996 16 pupils and a teacher were killed?  Dunblane
Which type of animal is a sloth most closely related to?  Bear, Monkey or Anteaters
What are Matryoshka (MAT-ree-OSH-ka) dolls more commonly known as?  Russian dolls, nesting dolls, stacking dolls
If a common die is showing 5 dots on top, what number is on the bottom?  2
Which Tennis Grand Slam is played on a clay surface?  French Open
What is the northernmost country in Africa?  Tunisia
Who is hosting the ITV revival of Bullseye?  Andrew “Freddie” Flintoff
Which Looney Tunes character has the middle name Ethelbert?  Wile E Coyote
Which colour pill does Neo swallow in The Matrix?  Red
A screwdriver cocktail is orange juice, ice and which spirit?  Vodka
What does the French name of the sandwich chain Pret A Manger mean in English?  Ready to Eat
In which city is the famous statue, The Little Mermaid?  Copenhagen 
True or False, the Eiffel Tower is taller in Summer?  True, metal expands
The English Football League Cup is currently sponsored by Carabao.  What do Carabao sell?   Energy Drinks
In March 1781, William Herschel,, discovered which planet, the seventh from the sun?  Uranus
Which is the UK’s largest national park?  Cairngorms


Double or Nothing

The winning team has just won half of the entry money we’ve taken tonight, which is £x.

But they have the option to gamble that for the whole kitty, which is £35 rolled over from last month, plus the entire entry money from this month, so a total of £y.

To win the jackpot, we’ll play a game of higher or lower with these playing cards.  I’ll turn the top card over, and you have to predict whether the next card is higher or lower.  If you can predict the next card four times, you win.  If the next card is the same, you lose.  Aces are low.  And if you draw a joker, you win automatically! 