9  rounds.  You can play a joker on rounds 5, 6, 7 or 8 (Where in the World, Top of the Pops, Question of Sport, Film and TV.  Each of those rounds have a couple of picture questions.  There are some missing vowels in round 4 you can jump to too.  Final score will be out of 100 points. 
Round 1 - Countdown  (10 points)
MALTIPANS (8) (1 point)  implants, misplant, platinas, staminal, talisman (½ point)  animals, impalas, implant, laminas, latinas, manilas, matinal, misplan, napalms, palmist, pastina, patinas, pinatas, pitmans, plaints, plasmin, platans, platina, salpian, saltpan, spatial, stamina, taipans, tampans, timpana
ISLEORAMA (8) (1 point)  moralise (½ point)  aerials, areolas, loamier, mailers, malaise, moilers, morales, oralism, realism, remails, solaria
USTTDTACO (8) (1 point)  dustcoat (½ point)  outacts, outcast
AEEPBLECS (7) (1 point)  beclasp, beleaps, escapee, seeable (½ point)  asleep, becaps, beleap, bleeps, cables, celebs, clepes, elapse, escape, peaces, places, please, plebes, sapele
EEADAIRWS (8) (1 point)  awardees (½ point)  adwares, awardee, dearies, drawees, readies, resawed, seaward, seaware, wearied, wearies
AEATGOFSN (7) (1 point)  agnates (related on the father’s side), fanegas (Any of various units of dry capacity, mass and land area used in Spain and the Spanish-speaking world; originally a unit of dry capacity used for grain. A former unit of area, the amount of land that would be sown with a fanega of seed), onstage, tangoes (½ point)  aftosa, agates, agents, agnate, agones, ansate, atones, faenas, fanega, fangas, fasten, ganefs, ganofs, genoas, gonefs, satang, seafan, soften, sonata, tangas, tangos, taonga, tongas 
100, 50, 5, 7, 8, 3 = 875  (1 point exact, ½ point within 5) ((100+7+3)*8)-5 
25, 4, 5, 3, 7, 2 = 864  (1 point exact, ½ point within 5) (25+2)*(8*4) 
CHEATLOCO : chocolate (2)Round 2 - X Marks the Spot  (5 points)
1 point within 15mm, ½ point within 40mm


Cut into a cliff, where is the Minack Theatre?  Porthcurno, 4 miles from Lands End, Cornwall
This castle has been a Norman stronghold, a royal residence and a royal palace.  Where is Leeds Castle?  7 miles SE of Maidstone, Kent
Some of you grew up watching Balamory.  But where is it set?  Tobermory, Isle of Mull
The location of numerous land speed records in the 1920s, where is Pendine Sands?  Carmarthen Bay, Pembrokeshire
Supposedly, kissing it gives you the gift of the gab.  Where is the Blarney Stone?  Near Cork, South Ireland

Round 3 - I’m Terrible At Dating  (5 points)
1 point = exact, ½ point if within 10 years


In which year did Napoleon die?  1721.  (1711-1731 = 0.5 points)
What year was Al Capone imprisoned?  1932.  (1922-1942 = 0.5 points)
What year was slavery abolished in the British Empire?  1838.  (1828-1848 = 0.5 points)
4.   In which year was the UK’s first Top 40 chart?  1952.  (1942-1964 = 0.5 points)
5.   In which year did the Manchester - Liverpool railway open?  1830.  (1820-1840 = 0.5 points.)


Round 4 - Only Connect  (10 points)
Connections
What connects UKIP, ING, Peugeot and MGM Studios?  Lions
What connects cream, quotation marks, tennis matches, yellow lines?  Single and double
What connects Heroes and Villans, King of the Kippax, There’s Only One F in Fulham, United We Stand?  Football Fanzines.

Sequences
What comes next in this sequence?  Red and green ring, black and white sectors, green ring, …..?  Red circle.  Sections of a dartboard moving towards the centre.
What comes next in this sequence?  Addis Ababa, Bogota, Quito, …..?  La Paz.  Highest capitals in the world, getting higher.
What comes next in this sequence?  London, 1977.  Harrogate, 1982,  Birmingham, 1998,  …..?  Liverpool, 2023.  Places the UK hosted Eurovision, getting more recent.

Missing Vowels
S PC JM   (Film)  Space Jam
CV NT RYC THD RL  (Destroyed in the Blitz)  Coventry Cathedral
CN TR LNS  (Found on maps)   Contour Lines
VS VS  (Volcano)   Vesuvius


Round 5 - Where in the World?  (10 points)
Which Australian State capital is the only one that begins with a vowel?  Adelaide, South Australia
Which country is the newest in the world to be recognised by the UN?  South Sudan, 9th July 2011
What’s the largest country in Africa?  Algeria  (2nd: DR Congo, 3rd: Sudan)
What colour is the star in the Moroccan flag?  Green, and represents the five pillars of Islam
Ignoring countries which start with A, name a country that begins and ends with the same letter.  Central African Republic, Czech Republic, Seychelles, St. Vincent and The Grenadines, Solomon Islands, St. Kitts and Nevis.  Will accept Tibet.
In which country can you find the ancient ruins of Petra?  Jordan
Which language has the most native speakers?  Spanish
What is the state capital of New York?  Albany
Which flag is this?  Croatia
Which flag is this?  Uruguay
Round 6 - Top of the Pops  (10 points)
Believe in Yourself by Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers is theme to which children’s TV Show?  Arthur 
What does EDM stand for?  Electronic dance music
In 1975 Bohemian Rhapsody was number one for nine weeks. It was finally knocked off the top slot by a song with a name that appears in the lyrics.  Which song?  Mamma Mia, ABBA
Rockstar Paul David Hewson is better known by what name? Bono, U2
What was Fleetwood Mac’s only UK number 1?  Albatross
Who sang Cotton-Eyed Joe?  Rednex
Who was the first female artist to achieve a UK number one with a self-written song?  Kate Bush with Wuthering Heights, in 1978
Who was once described by American President George W Bush as "the most dangerous threat to American children since polio"?  Eminem
Who is this?  Jay-Z
Who is this?  Debbie Harry


Round 7 - Question of Sport  (10 points)
In the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, which team was the only one which didn’t lose a game?  New Zealand
In football, who was the last English manager to win England’s top division?  Howard Wilkinson
In darts, what’s the highest score you can check out on?  170 (triple 20 x 2, bull)
Who did Fabio Capello replace as England Football team manager in 2008?  Steve McLaren
What does DRS stand for in F1?  Drag reduction system
Where do Warwickshire County Cricket Club play their home games?  Edgbaston
What date do all racehorses in the Northern Hemisphere celebrate their birthday?  1st January
How many players are on the ice in an ice hockey team?  Six
Who is this?  Mark Cavendish
Who is this?  Florence Griffith Joyner / Flo-Jo






Round 8 - Film and TV  (10 points)
In Forest Gump, how long did it rain for?  Four months
What’s the name of the comedian in Baby Reindeer?  Richard Gadd
In the first series of Race Across The World, the teams were racing from London to where?  Singapore
“Bandersnatch” is an interactive film that is part of which British TV series anthology?  Black Mirror
What does Hakuna Matata mean?  No worries/no trouble
“Birds of Prey” starring Margot Robbie is based on which character from the DC Comics universe?  Harley Quinn
What is the name for the parallel universe in Stranger Things?  The Upside Down
The television series Ted Lasso features which sport?  Football
Who is this?  Martin Scorsese.  Goodfellas, Wolf of Walk Street, Shutter Island, Raging Bull
Who is this?  Brie Larson.  Captain Marvel, Kong, 21 Jump Street

















 







Round 9 - General Knowledge  (20 points)
 “A man, a plan, a canal - panama” is an example of what?  A palindrome
How many millilitres in a pint?  568ml
What is a Jenny Twin used for?  Fixing slates to batons
Who wrote Of Mice of Men?  John Steinbeck
Roald Amundsen was the first man to reach the South Pole.  Which country was he from?  Norway
Where in the body is the patella?  The knee, it’s the kneecap
Which Shakespeare play is this quote from?  “Now is the winter of our discontent, Made glorious summer by this sun of York”  Richard III
“The Girl From Ipanema” is from which country?  Brazil
How many ghosts chase Pac-Man at the start of each game?  Four
What is a group of pandas known as?  An embarrassment   (Will accept a cupboard or a bamboo)
Which UK confectionary brand are known for their Love Hearts, Palma Violets and Drumstick Lollipops? Swizzels
Who replaced Rowan Williams as Archbishop of Canterbury in 2013?  Justin Welby
Which animal lives in a Formicary?  Ants
How many faces does a Dodecahedron have?  12
Which pastry is used to make Baklava?  Filo
Which toy derives its name from the Danish words for “play well”?  Lego
Which novel begins with the line, “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times”?  “A Tale of Two Cities” by Charles Dickens.
From which US city do the band The Killers originate?  Las Vegas
Who was the founder of Lotus Cars Ltd?  Colin Chapman
How many hearts does an octopus have?  Three